samples: matter: Fixed NVS sectors count in samples configurations (#16685)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the :ref:`ug_matter` protocol.

.. rst-class:: v2-7-0 v2-6-1 v2-6-0 v2-5-3 v2-5-2 v2-5-1 v2-5-0 v2-4-3 v2-4-2 v2-4-1 v2-4-0 v2-3-0 v2-2-0 v2-1-4 v2-1-3 v2-1-2 v2-1-1 v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0

KRKNWK-19300: The Matter weather station application has NVS size inconsistent wiht the settings partition size.
  The settings partition size for Matter weather station is configured to the value of 64 kB.

>   Effectively, the application cannot use 64 kB of the settings space, because it depends on the NVS size that is limited by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_NVS_SECTOR_COUNT` and in this scenario equal to 32 kB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  However, the application cannot use all 64 kB of the settings space, because it depends on the NVS size that is limited by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_NVS_SECTOR_COUNT` Kconfig option to 32 kB.
```

  **Affected platforms:** Thingy53

>   **Workaround:** Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_NVS_SECTOR_COUNT` to ``16`` in the application :file:`prj.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_NVS_SECTOR_COUNT` Kconfig option to ``16`` in the application :file:`prj.conf` file.
```

The issues in this section are related to the :ref:`ug_matter` protocol.

.. rst-class:: v2-7-0 v2-6-1 v2-6-0 v2-5-3 v2-5-2 v2-5-1 v2-5-0 v2-4-3 v2-4-2 v2-4-1 v2-4-0 v2-3-0 v2-2-0 v2-1-4 v2-1-3 v2-1-2 v2-1-1 v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0

KRKNWK-19300: The Matter weather station application has NVS size inconsistent with the settings partition size.
  The settings partition size for Matter weather station is configured to the value of 64 kB.
  However, the application cannot use all 64 kB of the settings space, because it depends on the NVS size that is limited by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_NVS_SECTOR_COUNT` Kconfig option to 32 kB.

  **Affected platforms:** Thingy53

  **Workaround:** Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_NVS_SECTOR_COUNT` Kconfig option to ``16`` in the application :file:`prj.conf` file.

>   .. warning::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. caution::
```
Warning is reserved for cases where personal injury or loss of life is possible.

Author: Well, if you are a product vendor and push such update to your customers, their products will be bricked, so possibly they are going to kill you...

>      **The workaround can be applied only to the newly programmed or factory reset device.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The workaround can be applied only to a newly programmed or factory reset device.
```

>      Changing the NVS sectors count for the device in-field that already has some data stored in settings may lead to the data corruption and undefined behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Changing the NVS sectors count for a device that is in-field and already has some data stored in settings may lead to the data corruption and undefined behavior.
```
